Oh, I lost again.
Next for you to win.
Okay, let me get another one.
Looks like someone's looking for me.
I'm not going to fight you anymore.
Why are you here?
I heard you called off the wedding because of me.
Going out with a teenage boy. Who told you that?
It doesn't matter who says it.
I was recently in a nearby town to talk about projects.
It is also convenient to come here.
You did that to get revenge on me?
Why should I take revenge on you?
Your family gave us the project of Khuc Thi Group.
Give me the freedom to pursue a new boyfriend.
I should thank you.
Chasing a new boyfriend
Sister, you mean nothing by such angry words.
I checked the hotel's open history down the mountain.
You were in the same room last night.
How old are they?
You're six years apart.
Do you know the outcome of this?
Then tell me what the consequences are. I have checked.
He is the only son of the Ta family.
If Ta's family knew that you did this to their only son
You think they'll forgive you, not you.
The 19-year-old is an adult.
Even if I slept with him.
It's also between two adults.
What to do?
You're not going to work.
Don't leave yourself.
I know we don't have destiny.
But I'm doing this for your own benefit.
Go away.